1. General
   1. New results require new beliefs.
   2. There’s plenty of money for Supply and Demand and not much else. 
   3. Generalization is the ultimate specialty.
   4. Hire 5.  Work like 10.  Pay like 8.  As often as possible.
   5. Conditions of Collaboration are our Current Best Complete Prioritized Understandings of what it takes to capture Total Local Category Demand.  ALL COLLABORATORS MUST BE COMPLETELY OPEN to adds, mods and tangents, especially when changes improve the workflow towards Commoditization and the capture Total Local Category Demand.
   6. Eliminate fixed costs and overhead or turn them into direct costs and variable costs
   7. Use The Empowerment Dynamic for the betterment of all workers, especially displaced workers, from the worker’s Point of View
   8. Recognize that commitment to, alignment on, and development of Profitable New Category Similarities is the MOST IMPORTANT BUSINESS CAPABILITY.
   9. All work must be Equalized to insure that no job or worker can be thought to have an Independent Effect on the Collaboration, especially in the event of job or worker failure.
   10. Preference will be given to Collaborators on track to be Generalists and Multiple Category Co-owners.
   11. All Collaborators are required to know how each category fits into everyone’s life
   12. Buy Service gets free access to the original ideas, thinking, and Work Product Data of all Collaborators in perpetuity
   13. Generalists, Category Co-owners, and Multiple Category Co-owners are paid by splitting the Gross Profit from Applicable Units of Production.  
   14. Workers are paid through The Bid Process.
   15. Everyone will be an Independent Contractor and everyone’s pay will be reported on a 1099.


2. Governance:
   1. 

3. Purpose:
   1. 

4. Design:
   1. 

5. Hedge / Data Science: Short-term Financial Certainty.
   1. 

6. Logistics:  What we are together.
   1. Master Spec: Enough providers to satisfy at least one new user per Four Week Cycle per Route plus Repeats. 


7. Pre Search / Causation:  Identify Jobs to Be Done
   1. Continuously add to Jobs to Be Done inventory and adjust Platform Beliefs accordingly is everyone's responsibility.
   2. Each Category must have something for everyone that’s qualified above Commodity Price and from the user’s Point of View.
   3. Focus on items that sell themselves and items that can be developed into items that sell themselves at need and pre-need.
   4. All Collaborators must be willing to work with Do-It-Yourselfers.
   5. 

8. Search / Spark:  Solve the 15 Greatest Local Cost Challenges – Air, Food, Water, Housing, Clothing, Health, Transportation, Retirement, Energy, Entertainment, Education, Employment, Child Care, Courage, New Adds.  
   1. Provide physical guidance, for Watchers, through Reporters
   2. Provide digital guidance, for Watchers, through prisechk.com Cost App. 
      1. Cost App allows buy and sell.
   3. 

9. Purchase / Handoff, buy without feeling sold.
   1. Everyone eventually buys, from us, you and me, collectively.
   2. Always get the money up-front so we can pay each other same day on statements received by 10am.
   3. Advancement is created by movement towards Commodity Price.
   4. 

10. Delivery:  Free delivery of all locally sourced items. 
   1. 

11. Usage:  Split Gross Profit.  Gross Profit equals Cost of Work minus Cost of Workers. 
   1. Qualifications to Split Gross Profit: 
      1. Commit to earn Total Category Demand with available resources and expertise.
      2. Pick a Category.
         1. Gross Profit Splits must be made at Category Level.
         2. A Category is any group of Co-Owners, Users and Workers united in production and consumption. 
         3. A Category must be large enough sustain the expectations of Co-owners, Users and Full Time Workers, at a Living Wage, long enough to compel Co-owners, Users and Workers to iterate Their Category into what's next.  
         4. Only one group of Co-owners per Category is allowed.
      3. Become a Category Co-owner.
         1. Potential Co-owners resolve the conflict of interest that exists between receiving Worker Income and Co-Owner Income in favor of Co-owner Income.
               1. Co-owners work on their Category not in it.
      4. Be available to Work, as a Temporary Category Worker, on a bid basis. 
      5. Pick a side.  
         1. Supply
            1. Includes responsibility for all Provider Production Variables and resulting data including:
               1. Features of what's produced.
               2. Unique Valuable Benefits, from the use of what's produced, that can earn Total Category Demand.
                  1. Unique Valuable Benefits do not Including Unique Worker Characteristics.
               3. All liability from the production and use what's produced.
                  1. Not including liability from the presentation of what's produced by Cost Reporters to Users.
               4. Enough production to fulfill Demand Flow and earn Total Category Demand. 
         2. Demand
            1. Includes responsibility for all Demand Production Variables and resulting data including:
               1. Identifying Actual Benefits that come from the use of what's produced at the Individual User Level based on, as much as possible, the Unique Valuable Benefits of what's produced Supply Side.
               2. Development of an Alternate Brand if needed, to earn Total Category Demand.
               3. Liability from the presentation of what's produced by Cost Reporters to Users.
               4. Enough Demand Flow to earn Total Category Demand.
      6. Normalize Costs.
         1. 15 Cost Normalizers: Direct Labor, Direct Materials, Non Negotiable Overhead, Convertible Overhead, Maintenance and Amortization, Switching Costs, Data, Analysis and Application and Improvement using data, Learning, Recruiting, Gross Profit, Legacy Costs, Networking Costs, Capacity and Utilization Contingencies, Pay Equalization. 
            1. Normalization is the conversion of all costs into actual costs to produce billable work. 
            2. Agreement for periodically updating Normalized Costs and the Normalized Cost List will be part of the Initial Cost Normalization Process. 
         2. Special instructions for Equalizing Pay.
            1. Work is defined as all activities not including activities of Co-owners and Management.
               1. Work of Managers will be replaced with Code as quickly as possible.
               2. Co-owners will function as managers in the meantime.
            2. No salaries for Workers only wages.
            3. All compensation must be hourly.
            4. All work must be awarded on a bid basis.
               1. Co-owners must go through the bid process to Work.
            5. Work must be priced in a way to minimize the possibility that a job, or group of jobs, can have an Independent Favorable Effect.
            6. Workers must be Crosstrained, so no Worker can have an Independent Negative Effect. 
         3. All Workers and Co-owners can question any Cost Normalizing Decision, for any reason,  as often as needed.
            1. The record of these questions and answers will be kept in a Version Controlled Repository.
      7. Become a Business Generalist
         1. Must Co-own a Recognized Category.
         2. Know the Business of What Workers Do In Category, Supply Side and Demand Side, in a Recognized Category.
         3. Be competent in all jobs within a selected Recognized Category, Supply Side and Demand Side.
         4. Be available to work in any Recognized Category Job when necessary.
      8. Be able to substitute Code for Managers at Near Zero Cost. 
      9. Co-owners must work at least 16 hours a year based on their bid to do work in their category.
         1. At least 8 hours Supply Side.
         2. At least 8 hours Demand Side. 
   2. Gross Profit Splits for on Business to Users Transactions: 
      1. Default Profit Split 50% Demand Side and 50% Supply Side
         1. Gross Profit determined by subtracting Normalized Demand Side Costs for Work and Supply Side Costs for Work from Gross Revenue.
         2. Initial Cost Normalization Process must be completed before the Demand Side and Supply Side team-up is formalized in a written agreement.
            1. Agreement for updating Normalized Costs and Normalized Cost List will be part of the written agreement.
         3. Deviation from the 50/50 split must be agreed to and justified. 
            1. Current Best Understanding for the Supply Side to receive a greater than 50% share of Gross Profit:
               1. Supply Side solves timely Demand Side questions, that Demand Side has trouble answering on schedule.
                  * Demand Side Questions referenced in this outline where a Potential Co-owner picks the Demand Side.   
            2. Current Best Understanding for the Demand Side to receive a greater than 50% share of Gross Profit:
               1. Demand Side solves timely Supply Side questions, that Supply Side has trouble answering on schedule. 
                  * Supply Side Questions referenced in this outline where a Potential Co-owner picks the Supply Side.  
   3.  Schedule of Payments for Business to Business Work and Gross Profit Splits.
      1. Business to Business Workers must have a separate Co-owner Agreement to Split Gross Profit.
         1. Business to Business Workers with a Co-owner Agreement get a 1099.
         2. Business to Business Workers without a Co-owner Agreement get a choice between a W-2 and 1099.
            1. Additional costs associated with W-2 Workers will be deducted from each Worker's Bid.
      2. Multiple Business to Business Workers, with a Co-owner Agreement, must be paid the same, within their category.
         1. Their pay will not exceed the average of payments made for similar work across all categories.
      3. All Co-owners are encouraged to use the same Business to Business Workers Supply Side and Demand Side. 
      4. Order of payments for Business to Business Workers:
         1. W-2 Workers always get paid on time.
         2. As money becomes available:
            1. Business to Business Workers, without Co-ownership Agreements, are paid next.
               1. Payments must be made in proportion to hours worked by each Business to Business Worker. 
               2. All Business to Business Workers must be paid before any Gross Profit Splits are distributed. 
            2. Gross Profit Splits should be paid evenly.
            3. Exceptions for uneven Gross Profit Splits:
               1. When Co-owners need information that one of the Co-owners can provide for an increased share of Gross Profit.
                  1. The Additional Gross Profit Share will be temporary.
                  2. Cost of the Additional Gross Profit Share will be shared evenly by all other Co-owners not doing not providing the information. 
                  3. All Co-owners must agree to the Temporary Distribution of Gross Profit.
                  4. Agreement must specify the Effective Dates for the Temporary Distribution of Gross Profit.
                  5. Expected Results, in exchange the Temporary Distribution of Gross Profit, must be documented.
                  6. Deadline for Expected Results must be documented. 
                  7. Contingency for one deadline extension must be documented. 
      5. All work and results from work become property of  Co-Owners when the Temporary Distribution of Gross Profit expires.
      6. All work and results of work become property of Co-Owners when Deadline for Expected Results or the Contingency Deadline for Expected Results expires, depending on which deadline is successfully completed first.
      7. All work in progress and results from work in progress become property of Co-Owners no later than when the Business to Business Provider decides they can't meet the Deadline for Expected Results or the Contingency Deadline for Expected Results
         1. Included in this event, the Temporary Distribution of Gross Profit Agreement also expires.
            1. All work in progress and results from work in progress are lost without any direct compensation   
12. Updates / Modifications:
   1. 

13. Maintenance / Repairs:
   1. 

14. Disposal / Returns / Adjustments:
   1. Users will always be Kept Whole.
   2. 

15. Re Purchase:
   1. Allowances for repurchase delays at User Level.